here the text leaves deep distress that
you will learn in the following video like this
first of all asked here has the
This is pretty annoying
textile factory and we already see
hugos too, he was already there
small video of the youth labs
at the research lab and I guess
really everyone
everyone who goes also only a few
played for hours there is this
buildings know us water fell something
textile factory and there you can
since then updates and me again
purely slippery
The whole thing went before but already
then it was patched and now works
thanks again it is called update and
you just have to go where I am
just in the video for the first time two
ladders up
hopefully that evening then
Are you not there not there but here
Go back and do this last in youth
Labor if you have watched now and you
take a job
now it is downloaded so probably
jobs from leicester or that's it
ron martin irion and not
kind of from newspapers or something
from other jobs from other hits
also and then you see here are the
third and here you can see it already
a few women are currently living
are
can see definitely looks today
then you just have to stay here as well
but can not get in here and the lab
I'm already working in the office
but that's the reason why you can
not through the door but one puts
also how we got in here
here on the wall
minute again a job on however
we have to think here comes after that
no more out there to kill you
takes a job at Abandoned again
and yes I am and is also the
Last of Leicester and you can
Of course surf the internet here too
So I think I'm funny too
Great couch and now I have to prove it
you could not get him out again
even if you do that again
do with the leak switch or as well
that always means I know it
not allowed so job accepted there
go out and you are still in there
So you can not get out of here
you have to live the life and hubert
you too English and me
Actually , that was it again
everything important with the video
Information is third in this video
I'll see you until the next video
and if you liked the video
then we could like a lighter
let or maybe subscribe
that would be awesome we can on one
check other videos for example
two montage I made my
would have shot leto
now it's always going to be pure, but hugo
Do you still want to say yes that nothing
actually nothing in this sense
then